book/intro.md, before:

# Theoretical solutions and simplified methods for incompressible and compressible flows

This Jupyter Book serves as a comprehensive collection of computational methods and illustrative examples for analyzing fluid flows in a variety of scenarios, including both incompressible and compressible regimes. 
Designed for researchers, students, and professionals in fluid dynamics, this resource focuses on practical implementation and computational techniques rather than an exhaustive exploration of the theoretical foundations. 
While the examples and methods presented here provide valuable insights into solving flow-related problems, users are encouraged to supplement their learning with theoretical texts and foundational materials for a deeper understanding of the models and underlying principles. 
This book aims to bridge the gap between theoretical knowledge and practical application, empowering readers to tackle real-world fluid dynamics challenges with confidence.

```{tableofcontents}
```

Commit message:

some new notebooks, not checked

book/intro.md, after:

# Methods for incompressible and compressible flows

<p text-align=justify>
This Jupyter Book serves as a comprehensive collection of computational methods and illustrative examples for analyzing fluid flows in a variety of scenarios, including both incompressible and compressible regimes. 
Designed for researchers, students, and professionals in fluid dynamics, this resource focuses on practical implementation and computational techniques rather than an exhaustive exploration of the theoretical foundations. 
While the examples and methods presented here provide valuable insights into solving flow-related problems, users are encouraged to supplement their learning with theoretical texts and foundational materials for a deeper understanding of the models and underlying principles.
This book aims to bridge the gap between theoretical knowledge and practical application, empowering readers to tackle real-world fluid dynamics challenges with confidence.
</p>

Most of computation examples are directly written with python. Then, for conciseness and efficiency, some more complex examples are computed with the (open-source package `aerokit`)[https://github.com/jgressier/aerokit/blob/master/README.md].

```{tableofcontents}
```
